[Music]
so you're going on vacation for a while
which your go-to hiding place for your
valuables maybe at the bottom of your
cereal boxes how about your freezer
drawers
maybe you're stacking some money in your
toilet tank
well these might seem like excellent
spots to keep your possessions but
unfortunately robbers already know about
them according to recent statistics
there are approximately 3.7 million home
burglaries every year in the US alone
and even though the numbers are growing
by the day
the hidey-holes haven't gotten any more
creative thieves tend to spend an
average of eight to twelve minutes in
each property they break into and they
know exactly where to look the FBI
reports that each of these incidents
cost more than 2,000 bucks on average to
the residents which is a significant
amount for a robber to take in just a
few minutes so before I reveal the most
unusual spots to hide your valuables
let's have a look at the default places
the burglars look for good the first
room that a thief will thoroughly scan
is the master bedroom
so mattresses closets drawers and even
suitcases are off-limits for hiding in
the kitchen keep your things out of
cereal boxes freezer drawers cupboards
bases and of course cabinets but let's
not forget the bathroom the toilet tank
and medicine cabinet are also very
common treasure spots so which are the
most unsuspecting places to keep your
valuables let's find out together for
you robbers and burglars watching this
it's time for you to switch to the crime
doesn't pay like it used to YouTube
channel number one wall clocks everyone
gets suspicious about what's hiding in
the walls behind a large painting but
nobody really thinks the same about wall
clocks take a cheap looking clock and
using tape attached anything valuable
you might have that fits into the space
behind it if it's thick you can even
take it apart and place your items
inside the clock as well
not only is it money-saving it's also
time-saving number to roll them in your
toilet roll roll up a stack of your
bills and secure them with an elastic
band then disassemble the spring bar
that secures your toilet paper on the
wall
finally stash your cash inside and you
have the perfect safe in your bathroom
number three cat litter
another thing you can try is literally
burying your valuables and you don't
need to go outside to do so take small
containers and fill them with either
your cash passports cards or jewelry you
know the just seal them on top and place
them inside a tub of unused cat litter
then bury them inside and you're all set
no one will ever suspect that you have
multiple safes inside that tub
number four plants since we're on the
topic of burying items soil is an
excellent hiding spot you can use a
medicine bottle which is watertight to
place your money or other important
items inside bury them in a potted plant
in your house and place a small stone or
leaves on top of the cap seal not many
people will suspect that someone is
burying their treasures in their plants
number five
garage doors okay I know how silly it
sounds but you can actually hide things
like passports visa cards and even
jewelry inside the garage door opener
the case that covers the door opener has
plenty of room underneath and you can
keep anything you like inside even an
extra pair of keys in case of
emergencies number six
counterfeit containers when you visit
someone's home there's a 70% chance that
they'll either have mayonnaise ketchup
or some other condiments in their fridge
that is your hiding spot empty out your
Mayo jar or save it when you finish it
paint it on the inside to match the
original color of its contents and
you're ready to
or if you don't have time to be this
crafty you can go online and find
brand-name counterfeit containers you
can use number seven vacuum cleaner
sometimes the best hiding spots are the
ones out in the open so a household item
like your vacuum cleaner is the perfect
safe you can use the bag cavities as a
secret compartment for important
documents like birth certificates
marriage licenses visas and passports
number eight false bottom drawer to kick
things up a notch you can create a false
bottom drawer but you need to pick one
whose depth change won't be visible get
some plywood and cut it smaller than the
actual drawer hot glue some wood strips
at the bottom of it to raise it up
finally you can hot glue items on top
that you'd expect to find in that drawer
number nine in between cabinets between
nearly all upper cupboards there's a
tiny gap it's not visible unless you
climb on the kitchen counters since not
many people know about them they're the
perfect hidey-holes for cash place your
money in an envelope and using wide
binder clips hang them through the
cracks
number ten toe kicks while you're still
in the kitchen why not take advantage of
the other end of the spectrum the toe
kicks the cavities under the kitchen
cabinets are so huge that you can hide
all sorts of things inside even hard
drives granted you'll need some basic
carpentry skills but it's easy to pull
them out and make them removable when
you need to use them number eleven spare
tire
sometimes the garage is one of the few
places that burglars don't search for
valuable items so keeping a dirty spare
tire to hide things is the perfect safe
the problem is you need to deflate it in
order to store everything inside and
then inflate it back up again number
twelve paint containers no robber will
go through the paint containers in your
garage to fineline remember they only
have a few minutes to search and garage
aren't there priority so next time you
run out of paint keep the container fill
it up with money and give it to me now
wait put it back with the rest of the
hodge podge number thirteen fake
plumbing pipes it's easy to get your
hands on some PVC pipes so that you can
use them as a secret compartment you
just need to get a clean out plug that
will act as a sealer the best place to
put this tube safe is in a garage under
the sink number fourteen tennis ball for
your jewelry a tennis ball is your
perfect mini vault and it takes no time
to create one either
you simply slice it a couple of inches
place all your items and money inside
and then you're all set just make sure
you don't mix it with the tennis balls
that your dogs play with otherwise well
you're in for a slobbery treasure
surprise number 15 outlet burglars don't
have the time to check all the outlets
in someone's home for hidden wall safes
interestingly there are small containers
that look like outlets on the outside
but on the inside they serve a different
purpose they're mini vaults with the
perfect amount of protection the problem
is they aren't very big so you have
limited space to store some jewelry and
maybe some bills number 16 secret
shelves
since wall shelves are out in the open
what the robber will see is just a piece
of wood attached to the wall however
there are floating shelves that are
hollow on the inside and when you pull
them out a secret compartment appears if
they're in an office space they can be
used for passports or documentation 17
family albums let's face it a family
album is one of the best places to hide
money even family members don't check
them so keep that in mind if you're
looking to hide something from your
relatives you simply fold a few bills
and place them in the picture
compartments 18 curtain poles flashback
to what I said earlier the best hiding
places are in plain sight well here's
another genius safe the
polls however it isn't a secret
compartment that's easily accessible so
the best thing to store in there is
rolls of cash 19 kids room
remember in Breaking Bad when Walter
White hit all of his money in his
daughter's room he sure knew what he was
doing one of the most secure places in
someone's house is in the kids room
robbers know what a mess the kids can
create so logically they won't suspect
that someone would consider leaving
their valuables with their babies of
course parents who do that hide their
money somewhere in the room where the
kids can't find it so look no further
than the playroom number 20 baby wipes
boy be careful with this the ideal place
to stash cash is inside a baby wipes
container ah so you mean unused once yep
remove the internal pack but keep a
couple of wipes on top and then layer
the bills underneath so even if someone
accidentally lifts the lid of the
container they'll seal wipe peeping
through and not the money number 21 back
of a drawer not many people know this
but when drawers are closed they don't
touch the back of the dresser and that
leaves a little gap that you can use to
your advantage you can put your
important papers passports and cash in
an envelope and tape them to the back of
your drawers you can also do that on the
underside as well sometimes you must
think like a burglar to be one step
ahead when a burglar breaks into your
house they know they're committing a
felony so they believe that they should
get something out of it if they can't
find anything of great value they'll
start digging deeper and deeper until
they find it so sometimes when you're
out are on vacation it's a good idea to
keep some inexpensive things in obvious
places just to deceive them as a decoy
I'm thinking the dirty laundry hamper
might be a good bet here too
hey how about you which is your go-to
hiding place for your valuables feel
free to leave them out in plain sight
and let me know
oops let me clarify no I'm not talking
about leaving your valuables out for me
just your hiding places in the
comments okay that's good if you learned
something new today then give this video
a like and share it with a friend
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life